
WPSSO CORE PREMIUM LIFETIME NONTRANSFERABLE LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT: READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY INSTALLING, COPYING, RUNNING, OR
OTHERWISE USING THE WPSSO CORE PREMIUM APPLICATION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY
THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS
LICENSE AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL, RUN, COPY, OR OTHERWISE USE THE WPSSO CORE
PREMIUM APPLICATION.

This License Agreement ("License") is a legal agreement between you and
Jean-Sebastien Morisset ("the Author") concerning your use of the WPSSO Core
Premium application, together with any electronic documentation that may be
provided therewith (collectively, "the Application") through the Application.
YOU HEREBY AGREE, BOTH ON YOUR OWN BEHALF AND AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF ANY ORGANIZATION FOR WHICH YOU ARE USING THE APPLICATION ("EMPLOYER"), THAT
YOU AND THE EMPLOYER WILL USE THE APPLICATION ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
FOLLOWING TERMS:

1. Disclaimer of Warranty. You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the
Application is at your sole risk. THE APPLICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL
FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. The Author does not warrant that the
functions contained in the Application will meet your requirements, or that the
operation of the Application will be uninterrupted or error-free. Furthermore,
the Author does not warrant or make any representation regarding the use or the
results of the use of the Application (including the related documentation) in
terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.

THE AUTHOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR TITLE WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION.

The Application may be provided with third-party plug-ins or other third-party
software, or this Application may be provided as a plug-in for or otherwise in
association with third-party software. Use of any such third-party software
will be governed by the applicable license agreement, if any, with such third
party.

THE AUTHOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION AND WILL HAVE NO
LIABILITY OF ANY KIND FOR YOUR USE OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION AND MAKES NO
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO SUCH THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MIGHT NOT APPLY TO YOU.

2. Limitation of Liability. In no event will the Authors' total liability for
all damages exceed the amount of money paid to the Author for the software that
caused the damages unless caused by the gross negligence or intentional
misconduct of the Author.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WILL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING
LOST DATA, LOST REVENUE, OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
LICENSE OR THE APPLICATION UNLESS CAUSED BY THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL
MISCONDUCT OF THE AUTHOR.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CONSEQUENTIAL OR
INDIRECT DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

3. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
upon Licensee's full payment of the applicable fees the Author grants to you,
and you accept, a personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to install
and use the Application at a single Site Address per License purchased. For the
purposes of this License a single Site Address shall mean a website, accessible
by one fully qualified domain name and path to its document root as shown in
the WordPress general settings Site Address (URL) option ("Site Address"). This
License is effective until terminated as provided below. You may terminate this
License by destroying the Application and any copies of the Application in your
possession. This License will terminate automatically upon any violation of its
terms.

4. Support and upgrading. Licensee is entitled to receive upgrades of the
Application, using the WordPress Upgrade system, at no additional fees for each
licensed single Site Address. There is no support included or implied with the
Application license.

5. License Restrictions. You may not do any of the following yourself, or
through any third party, and you may not permit any third party with whom you
have a business relationship to do any of the following: (A) modify or create
derivative works based upon the Application; (B) decompile, disassemble, or
reverse engineer the Application in whole or in part; (C) defeat, disable, or
circumvent any protection mechanism related to the Application; (D) use the
Application or any parts of it to develop a product directly competing with the
Application.

6. Title and Ownership. This software is protected by copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. Except for the rights expressly granted above,
this License transfers to you no right, tide, or interest in the Application,
or any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual
property or proprietary right in the Application. The Author retains sole and
exclusive title to all portions of the Application and any copies thereof. You
agree not to disclose the Application to anyone.

7. Indemnification. Licensor will indemnify Licensee against liability to third
parties resulting from claims that the Licensed Application infringes on or
violates any patents, copyrights, trade secrets or any other intellectual
property rights of such third parties.

8. Controlling Law and Severability. This License will be governed by the laws
of Canada without regard to their provisions regarding conflicts of laws. This
License will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly
excluded. You irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts
sitting in, and any action or proceeding arising out of this License will be
heard and determined in such court. If for any reason a court of competent
jurisdiction finds any provision, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, such
provision will be interpreted in order to give effect to such provision to the
maximum extent permitted by law, and the remainder of this License will
continue in full force and effect.

9. Complete Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the use of the Application and supersedes all prior
or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment
to or modification of this License will be binding unless in writing and signed
by the Author.

